*  Features to Include in Your SaaS
   -  _Basic Appointment Booking_: Businesses can set available time slots for their services.
   - _Customer Notifications_: Send reminders via SMS/WhatsApp to reduce no-shows.
   - _Calendar Sync_: Sync appointments with Google Calendar or similar tools.
   - _Language Support_:  Offer multiple languages for broader accessibility.
   - _Local Payment Integration_: Allow subscription payments through eSewa, Khalti, or bank transfers.

* Technical Roadmap
** _Build a Simple MVP_: 
   - Use Django or Flask for the backend.
   - Start with basic appointment booking, notifications, and admin controls.
** _Hosting_:
   - Use cloud hosting like PythonAnywhere or local VPS providers.
   - Keep the system lightweight to reduce costs.
** _Expand Features Gradually_:
   - After gaining initial users, add advanced features like analytics (peak booking hours, customer behavior) or integration with Nepali payment systems.

* Define the Core Features
  - Start by building a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) with these basic features:

** Business Profile Setup: 
   - Allow businesses to create and customize their profile (business name, services, working hours).
** Booking System: 
   - Customers can select a service, choose a date/time, and book an appointment.
** Notifications: 
   - Send SMS or WhatsApp reminders to both customers and businesses before appointments.
** Admin Dashboard: 
   - Business owners can manage appointments, update availability, and view a list of upcoming appointments.


*  Develop the MVP
** Step 1: Set up Django Project
   - Create a new Django project and app for the Appointment Scheduler.
   - Set up MySQL database and configure your models for businesses, customers, and appointments.

** Step 2: Build Core Features
   - Implement a simple form for business registration.
   - Create a booking system where customers can choose a date and time.
   - Set up SMS/WhatsApp reminders using Twilio.

** Step 3: Admin Dashboard
   - Create an admin interface for business owners to manage their appointments.

